README.md, before:

# Cutestrap

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/cutestrap/cutestrap](https://badges.gitter.im/cutestrap/cutestrap.svg)](https://gitter.im/cutestrap/cutestrap?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

A sassy, opinionated CSS Framework. A tiny alternative to Bootstrap.

[Docs/Demo](https://www.cutestrap.com/)

### Features

* Vertical Rhythm
* Consistent pattern for form fields
* 8kb minified
* Smart defaults for all default elements (Conventional)
* CSS specificity is very low in the class hierarchy (Configurable)
* Solid foundation for a living styleguide using KSS

## Installation

To use the CSS as is, you can install using npm or bower:

```
npm install cutestrap
```

```
bower install cutestrap
```

If you want to create your own styleguide, fork the repository and modify the `src` and `kss-html` folders.

### Development

You'll need npm, bower and kss-node installed (`npm install -g kss`).

After cloning, just run `npm install && bower install && gulp`.

KSS will generate the docs from the `kss-html` folder. The `dist` folder is created from  the `src` folder.

### Contributors

Contributors are welcome, just follow these few guidelines:

* BEM for naming conventions
* Alphabetical properties
* Only nest for psuedo-elements

Commit message:

Removed the need for global dependency install (#14)
* removed global dependency for kss

* Update package.json

* added npm scripts 

for installing dependencies and running gulp without having it installed globally

* Updated README to reflect changes to scripts & deps

README.md, after:

# Cutestrap

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/cutestrap/cutestrap](https://badges.gitter.im/cutestrap/cutestrap.svg)](https://gitter.im/cutestrap/cutestrap?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

A sassy, opinionated CSS Framework. A tiny alternative to Bootstrap.

[Docs/Demo](https://www.cutestrap.com/)

### Features

* Vertical Rhythm
* Consistent pattern for form fields
* 8kb minified
* Smart defaults for all default elements (Conventional)
* CSS specificity is very low in the class hierarchy (Configurable)
* Solid foundation for a living styleguide using KSS

## Installation

To use the CSS as is, you can install using npm or bower:

```
npm install cutestrap
```

```
bower install cutestrap
```

If you want to create your own styleguide, fork the repository and modify the `src` and `kss-html` folders.

### Development

After cloning, you'll first need to install dependencies by running `npm run setup`.

After that just run `npm start`.

KSS will generate the docs from the `kss-html` folder. The `dist` folder is created from  the `src` folder.

### Contributors

Contributors are welcome, just follow these few guidelines:

* BEM for naming conventions
* Alphabetical properties
* Only nest for psuedo-elements
